added android app (#991)
freeCodeCamp/devdocs: README.md

* [Doc Browser](https://github.com/qwfy/doc-browser) is a native Linux app that supports DevDocs docsets
* [GNOME Application](https://github.com/hardpixel/devdocs-desktop) GTK3 application with search integrated in headerbar
* [macOS Application](https://github.com/dteoh/devdocs-macos)

> * [Android Application](https://github.com/Merith-TK/devdocs_webapp_kotlin) Is a advanced webveiw with appcache enabled and fully working

Reviewer: Just a few typo's

```suggestion
* [Android Application](https://github.com/Merith-TK/devdocs_webapp_kotlin) is a fully working, advanced WebView with AppCache enabled
```
